[DOCS-13435] Add Terraform section for SDS processor (#34903)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/sensitive_data_scanner.md

- Use `outer_key.inner_key` to refer to the key with the value `inner_value`.
- Use `outer_key.inner_key.double_inner_key` to refer to the key with the value `double_inner_value`.

## Set up the processor using Terraform

You can use the [Datadog Observability Pipeline Terraform resource][4] to set up a pipeline with the Sensitive Data Scanner processor. To add a rule to the Sensitive Data Scanner processor using Terraform:

> 1. Use the [Datadog Sensitive Data Scanner Standard Pattern][5] data resource to retrieve the rule ID of the Sensitive Data Scanner [library rule][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Datadog Sensitive Data Scanner Standard Pattern][5] data source to retrieve the rule ID of the Sensitive Data Scanner [library rule][6].
```

   For example, if you use the [AWS Access Key ID Scanner][7] data source from step 1, configure the rule block as follows:

   {{< code-block lang="terraform" >}}
...
  sensitive_data_scanner {
    rule {
      name = "Redact AWS Access Key IDs"
      tags = []
      on_match {
        redact {
          replace = "***"
        }
      }
      pattern {
        library {
          id                       = data.datadog_sensitive_data_scanner_standard_pattern.aws_access_key.id
          use_recommended_keywords = true
        }
      }
      scope {
        all = true
      }
    }
  }
   {{< /code-block >}}

   See the [full configuration example](#full-configuration-example) on how to add multiple rules.

1. Repeat steps 1 and 2 for all library rules you want to add.

### Full configuration example

{{< img src="observability_pipelines/processors/sds_tf_ui.png" alt="The Sensitive Data Scanner processor panel showing two scanning rules: Redact AWS Access Key IDs and Redact US SSNs" style="width:60%;" >}}

If you want to use the Sensitive Data Scanner processor to scan for AWS Access Key IDs and US Social Security Numbers, and redact the data with the string `***`:

> 1. Use the [Datadog Sensitive Data Scanner Standard Pattern][5] data source to retrieve the [AWS Access Key ID Scanner's][7] rule ID and [US Social Security Number Scanner's][8] rule ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use the [Datadog Sensitive Data Scanner Standard Pattern][5] data source to retrieve the rule IDs for the [AWS Access Key ID Scanner][7] and the [US Social Security Number Scanner][8].
```
